[Music]
do you trust me are you eating with us
there's somewhere else I need to go a
fishing settlement
Alethea one just says I must go or the
corn won't let me you give you a reason
why because I want to carry on - bull
Vanga saying you need to get ready back
garage it's only look after the food
I'll burn it I don't care
what do you say is in this village I'm
not sure but it might be some sort of
ghost I think something awful has
happened that why is this ghost
important I don't know but it might be a
vital clue it might help me find roaring
Billy you're asking me to trust you over
no no I'm not I'm asking you to trust
this
well you ask a lot I need to think
[Music]
you